readme.MD, before:

Portfolio Website Choices

    Font Choice
        I chose to use Montserrat as my font choice because it is an extremely easy to read font. I do not want people to struggle when reading the text on my site but I also did 
        not want an extremely "basic" text such as Arial. So, I felt Montserrat was a solid choice.
    Color Palette
        I used the Real Madrid soccer team's color palette as inspiration. I've always like their palette and felt it matches up with my personality well. I felt the gold color 
        they use is a fantastic statement color to use throughout my site.
    Icons
        The only icons I used were an email icon and a LinkedIn icon. I found both online and decided to use them because they were extremely simple and were just a basic black 
        PNG. I found this to fit perfectly with the minimalistic design I went for.
    Images
        I used multiple images throughout my site in order to add more content to it. On my index page, I have a big image of myself because as it is my website, I want to catch 
        the user's eye with an introduction of myself; a large image of myself does a good job of that. As well, I added a couple more, this time smaller, images of myself in the 
        play page. This was due to it being a page about myself and my interests outside of work and I felt showing me participating in these interests helped to further the page. 
        Finally, I used images for my case studies. They were straightforward images to provide context for what I was speaking about in the case studies. 
    Navigation Structure
        The navigation structure I chose to go with is an extremely basic navigation bar fixed to the top of the screen. I feel this helps to provide easy navigation throughout 
        the site.
    Layout
        I went with the go-to website design- a header, some content, and then a footer. You can never go wrong with this design, that is why I chose it. It keeps the site simple 
        and fluid and provides an easy to follow experience.
    CSS Functionality
        I feel I used multiple CSS techniques effectively to create this site. I used the CSS grid technique throughout the site and this helped me to create the site in a way 
        where everything fits in place well.

Final Thoughts

    I had to create a portfolio for a previous web development course and I was not a fan of the website I created. I used that experience to create a better website this time 
    around. I am extremely satisfied with this site and I will continue to improve it. One way I will improve it is through adding media queries in order to make a responsive 
    website. As well, I will be adding javascript so my website has more interactivity.

Commit message:

Updated based off peer feedback.

readme.MD, after:

Portfolio Website Choices

    Font Choice
        I chose to use Montserrat as my font choice because it is an extremely easy to read font. I do not want people to struggle when reading the text on my site but I also did 
        not want an extremely "basic" text such as Arial. So, I felt Montserrat was a solid choice.

    Color Palette
        I used the Real Madrid soccer team's color palette as inspiration. I've always like their palette and felt it matches up with my personality well. I felt the gold color 
        they use is a fantastic statement color to use throughout my site.

    Icons
        The only icons I used were an email icon and a LinkedIn icon. I found both online and decided to use them because they were extremely simple and were just a basic black 
        PNG. I found this to fit perfectly with the minimalistic design I went for.

    Images
        I used multiple images throughout my site in order to add more content to it. On my index page, I have a big image of myself because as it is my website, I want to catch 
        the user's eye with an introduction of myself; a large image of myself does a good job of that. As well, I added a couple more, this time smaller, images of myself in the 
        play page. This was due to it being a page about myself and my interests outside of work and I felt showing me participating in these interests helped to further the page. 
        Finally, I used images for my case studies. They were straightforward images to provide context for what I was speaking about in the case studies. 

    Navigation Structure
        The navigation structure I chose to go with is an extremely basic navigation bar fixed to the top of the screen. I feel this helps to provide easy navigation throughout 
        the site.

    Layout
        I went with the go-to website design- a header, some content, and then a footer. You can never go wrong with this design, that is why I chose it. It keeps the site simple 
        and fluid and provides an easy to follow experience.

    CSS Functionality
        I feel I used multiple CSS techniques effectively to create this site. I used the CSS grid technique throughout the site and this helped me to create the site in a way 
        where everything fits in place well.

Peer Review Changes

    Change the colors of my case studies to fix the contrast.
        The gold color for the second case study was fine as is. However, I changed the shade of blue for the first case study to a lighter version.

    Change the speed of the javascript function for the introduction description. It is currently just a little too slow.
        I changed the speed of the function from 50 to 30. 

    Be more consistent with borders. Some areas use 2px while others use 1px.
        I changed all borders used on the site to be 2px. Making them more consistent.

    Make it so when hovering over anywhere on the case studies, change the text color. Rather than only when hovering over the text.
        I put the entirety of each case study into a link. I previously separated parts of the case studies in multiple links. This change makes it so anywhere on either case study can be clicked.

    Update the page’s title in the header so it’s not the same for each page on the site.
        I updated the webpage title for each page. Giving each page their own unique title.

Final Thoughts

    I had to create a portfolio for a previous web development course and I was not a fan of the website I created. I used that experience to create a better website this time 
    around. I am extremely satisfied with this site and I will continue to improve it. One way I will improve it is through adding media queries in order to make a responsive 
    website. As well, I will be adding javascript so my website has more interactivity.
